java c

CO3219/CO4219/CO7219 Internet and Cloud Computing 
Cloud System Design and Evaluation 
Learning Outcomes 
The aims of this deliverable are: 
1. to develop technological foundations in Cloud Systems; and 
2. to    develop    expertise in    designing and developing robust and scalable Cloud Systems 
Assignment   BriefYou   have to design and document   the   architecture   of a   private   cloud,   implement   it,   and   then   deploy   on   it   a whiteboard   application.   The whiteboard   application   should   run   on   at   least two   separate   machines/nodes within your   private   cloud,   with   each   application’s   instance   serving   a different group of users.   You   should   demonstrate that   the   distributed   application   running   in   your   private   cloud   is   consistent   in   a   way   that   all   users   will   see   the   same   application   state   across different instances. The cloud and application should scale to support additional users,   and offer an   improved quality of service when compared to one   running   on   a   single   machine.
The assignment   is separated   into a set of tasks,   and there   is   a   set   of   activities   that   should   be   undertaken for each task.You   are   not   restricted   to   a   particular   set   of   tools   or   technologies,   but   you   must justify   your   choices when designing and implementing your architecture. You should critically assess your   options before   you propose your architecture and carefully evaluate   the tools and technologies   to   implement your architecture.Task 1: Produce a Design of your Private Cloud [20%] Your group should   design   and    produce    an    architecture    of   a    private    cloud.    You   should   evaluate   available   cloud   computing   technologies   and   architectures   before   you   propose   a   suitable   architecture   of   your   private   cloud. You should put in place mechanisms to achieve consistency, scalability, agility and quality of service.   You   should   also   propose   a   suitable   network   topology   for   your   private   cloud   to   manage   traffic   and   provide   fault   tolerance.   In   this   task, you should demonstrate a clear understanding of   the tools and technologies that you will   use   to   implement   the   design   of   your   private   cloud.   You   should   have   convincing   reasons   to   justify the technology choices that you have made for the implementation of your architecture.As an individual member of your group, you will be required to explain the design of your group’s private cloud and technological choices in your own words. You should also include an architecture diagram of your proposed system.Task 2: Implement your Private Cloud [30%] Your group should   implement the   architecture for the   private   cloud that   has   been   proposed   in Task 1. To   implement your   private cloud, you should   use the   set   of tools   and   technologies   that      you      have      identified      in      Task      1.      You      should      be      able      to      demonstrate      a      working   implementation of   the private cloud in this task. Your   implementation should enable the private   cloud to provide a consistent, scalable and low latency access to your whiteboard application.   This   should   also   enable   new   virtual   machines   to   be   provisioned   and   decommissioned   with   minimal   human intervention.Each   group   should   set   up   the   private   cloud   on   a   minimal   number   of   nodes   possible.  代 写CO3219/CO4219/CO7219 Internet and Cloud Computing
代做程序编程语言 You   should   deploy   the   whiteboard   application   in   each   virtual   machine.   However,   the   distributed   application should offer consistency and should look like a single application to outside   users.   There are   no additional marks for setting   up a   higher number   of   nodes   in   your   private   cloud.As    an individual    member of    your    group,    you    should    explain    the    implementation, including the environment, components and explanation of any code, in your own words. 
Task 3: Develop and Deploy a Distributed Whiteboard Application [20%] Your group will   need   to   design   and   develop   a   whiteboard   application   that   can   be   shared   between   multiple   nodes of the   private cloud. You   need to   run this whiteboard   in   a   distributed   environment:   at   least   two   nodes   should   be   running   the   application.   The   whiteboard   should   support   basic drawing   features, such as   lines   and   shapes,   as well   as   allowing   text   to   appear   anywhere on the whiteboard.The whiteboard should   allow   multiple   users to draw   simultaneously   on   a shared interactive canvas.   When   a   new   user joins   the   system,   the   user   should   obtain   the   current   state   of the   whiteboard so that the same objects are displayed to   every   active   user.At    least    two   virtual    machines   within    the    cloud   system   should    host    two    instances    of   the   whiteboard.   However,   all the   users   should   see the   same   state   of the whiteboard   and should   have the ability to   perform. all the drawing   operations.As an individual member of your group should explain the design and implementation of your whiteboard application in your own words. This should include consistency, replication and state management, and how your group has implemented the application.
Task 4: Demonstrate your Private Cloud [10%, shared by all group members] 
There are two aspects of demonstration.
Each group should   produce   a   video.   The   video   should   highlight   the   functionality   of   your   private cloud and their individual contributions   in Tasks 1, 2 and 3.The   group   should   highlight    how   you   are   monitoring   the   computing,   storage   and network   resources in your private cloud and should provide information about consistency,   performance, availability and scalability of resources. The cloud resource consumption
(performance numbers) should go up/down with more users and whiteboard application   instances and vice versa.As an individual member of your group, you should demonstrate a component of   the private   cloud that they have produced in Task 2 by deploying the application that they have produced   in Task 3.
As    an individual member of your group you should produce    maximum one page demonstrating your individual contributions. 
Task 5: Critical Review of your System [20%] 
As an individual member of your group, you should a critical review of your system, in your own words. This should   be   based on your own   understanding and   contributions.
You should   have cover three areas   in your critical   review:
1.      the architecture of your system and the choices   made;
2.      the weaknesses and strengths of your design and implementation;
3.       suggestions   to   improve your   system’s   design   and   implementation,   including   reasons   for how the proposed changes will improve   the functionality   of your   system.



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
